Firmware Args (#172)
firesim/FireMarshal: docs/source/workloadConfig.rst

It outputs one or more .ko files to be loaded. See test/kmod/ for an example.

opensbi-src
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Path to alternative opensbi source directory. Defaults to the board-provided
opensbi.

opensbi-build-args
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Additional command line arguments to the 'make' command used to build opensbi.

pk-src (Deprecated)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Deprecated alias for 'bbl-src'.

bbl-src
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Path to riscv-pk source directory to use for this workload. This provides the
bootloader (bbl). Defaults to the riscv-pk source included with the board.

bbl-build-args
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Additional arguments to be passed to the configure script for bbl. Arguments
will be appended to any system defaults.

use-bbl
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Use BBL as the firmware rather than the default OpenSBI. If you specified

> 'pk-src' (pk includes bbl), that will be used, otherwise the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'bbl-src', that will be used, otherwise the default
```
